MC-40719: Product Thumbnails not switching properly for Config product (#1038)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/product-create-configurable.md

- The attribute set that is used as a template for a configurable product must include the attribute(s) that contain the values that are needed for each product variation.

- The thumbnail image in the shopping cart can be set to display the image from the configurable product record or from the product variation.

- Swatch attributes can be configured to not display corresponding simple product images when the swatch is selected by setting the "Update Product Preview Image" option value to "No" at the attribute edit page in the admin.

> - It is controlled by the theme how Image Gallery will behave when a user switches between product configurations. Default behavior for Blank theme is to override the parent configurable product images with selected product variation, while for Luma theme, the default behavior is to prepend selected product variation images to the parent configurable product images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The theme controls how the Image Gallery behaves when a user switches between product configurations. The default behavior for the Blank theme is to override the parent configurable product images with the selected product variation. For the Luma theme, the default behavior is to prepend the selected product variation images to the parent configurable product images.
```
